# Oracle Digital Assistant Android Sample App Readme #
##  Overview  ##
The ChatSample app that's included in the `bots-client-sdk-android-samples-19.1.3.0.zip` is a mobile app that demonstrates communication with the Oracle Digital Assistant server.
## Usage  ##
This sample app provides an end-to-end example that you can reference when building your own mobile app. It shows you how to initialize the SDK using an App ID that's generated by Oracle Digital Assistant and how you can chat with other bots just by changing the App ID.
## Requirements ##
* Android Studio and the standalone Android SDK Tools from Google
* Java Development Kit (JDK) 1.7.0_67 or compatible
* Oracle Digital Assistant Release 19.1.3 or higher
* Compile your app with API level 27 and set target SDK version as API 27.
  
## Installation ##
1. Unzip `bots-client-sdk-android-samples-19.1.3.0.zip`.
1. Generate the App ID. To do this:
1. In your Oracle Digital Assistant instance, open your bot, then choose **Channels** from the left menu.
1. Click **Add Channel** and then complete the dialog, choosing **Android** as the channel type. After you complete this dialog, Oracle Digital Assistant will generate the App Id that you need to initialize the SDK. Keep it close at hand.
1. Open the project.
1. From Android Studio, open `ChatSample`.
1. If the Gradle Sync dialog appears, click **OK** to use the Gradle wrapper.
1. Build and then deploy the app to an emulator or to a device.

## Application Runtime Setup ##
1. Start the app in the simulator or device.
2. Enter the App ID and then tap **Continue**. if the App ID is not valid, then you're prompted to enter valid App ID again. When you enter the correct ID, Welcome Screen is shown.
3. In the Welcome screen, tap **Chat with your BOT**. The messaging screen will appear, enabling you to send messages to your bot.
4. If you want to communicate with a different bot, return to the Welcome screen and then open the Update App ID screen by tapping the gear icon that's located at the upper-left corner.
5. Enter the App ID that belongs to the new bot and then tap **OK**. Then app is ready to chat with new bot.


## License ##

Copyright (c) 2018, 2019 Oracle Corporation and contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.